Revamped the Hunted mission to improve the mechanic of bounty hunters (#5232)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/jobs.txt

			`	"You might want to watch your back," another says to you. "Plenty of pirates looking to make a name for themselves taking out such a famous captain, and plenty of bounty hunters out for a bounty you might have on your head without even knowing about it."`
			choice
				`	"I'll be fine. My ship is strong enough to stand against anything."`
				`	"Maybe I should go into hiding for a while."`
					goto hide
			`	"Oh, I'm sure it is. You wouldn't have gotten this notorious if you weren't able to hold your all."`
				goto end
			label hide
			`	"You'd need to hide for more than just a while, but laying low in a small ship might help to stay off the radar of any bounty hunters."`
			label end
			`	After a few more minutes of mumbling, the bar returns to like it was before you entered. The food you ordered arrives and you dig in.`
				decline

mission "Hunted"
	invisible
	landing
	deadline 30
	source
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes "rim" "south" "north" "dirt belt" "core" "frontier"
	to offer
		"combat rating" > 8103
		"armament detterence" >= 2

> 		random < 3

Author: Thoughts on increasing the chance of this spawning with the player's armament deterrence? Peter has also talked about adding a condition for the number of ships the player has owned and unparked. (This would be shorthand for `"ship: Interceptor" + "ship: Transport" + ...`.) Maybe using that, we could instead have this scale with the player's fleet size. Then, just as raid fleets balance against large freighter fleets, bounty hunters could balance against large fleets in general by becoming more common the bigger your fleet is.

Reviewer: One alternative is to use the result of the mission itself to increase its likelihood of offering, up to a certain amount. This is a little tricky since a failed mission is one in which you evaded the pursuers for 30 days or killed one of the "save" types then landed, and a completed mission is one in which you either killed all the strongest foes or had the "save" types, and landed on the destination planet.
(Given the low chance of landing on the correct destination planet at random after completing the mission, unless it is part of the player's usual trade route, it may be difficult to actually clear the more difficult mission versions.)

Another path is as the conversation hints, to use a negative reputation with governments to increase the chance of offering. Perhaps if 2 of the 3 hate you, then the rate increases. (This way could be too punishing for pirate playthroughs, but does make sense.)

I don't think we should allow the offer rate to increase above e.g. 10% as very capable players will simply disable and capture their pursuers.

Author: I don't want to use your reputation with governments to influence this mission, as you already have it hard enough by not being able to travel to a large swathe of space without being attacked.

>(Given the low chance of landing on the correct destination planet at random after completing the mission, unless it is part of the player's usual trade route, it may be difficult to actually clear the more difficult mission versions.)

Seems to me like #2131 would need to be a thing.

> 		not "Hunted: active"

Reviewer 2: I was expecting to see "Hunted Warning: offered" as condition here.

Author: Given that "Hunted" and "Hunted Warning" offer on the same planets, odds are you'll be seeing the warning before seeing any hunted fleet. If a player never goes to the spaceport though, then they'd never get warned about being hunted for being notorious, and therefore actually get any bounty hunters, despite still being notorious.
This is here though so that some unlucky soul doesn't end up stacking multiple Hunted missions at once.

Reviewer 2: If you feel that the warning upfront is desired, then let's make sure the warning also shows for players that never visit the spaceport (and pops-up at landing, not at a spaceport visit to ensure that the hunters cannot be avoided by never visiting the spaceport).

Author: I don't see the warning as necessary to be given before hunted fleets show up, only that the warning exists and is readily available. The warning about raid fleets for example is only given if you accept James' help at the beginning, and then only if you bought the Star Barge. The warning exists, but it doesn't need to be received in order for raid fleets to show up. If a player never visits the spaceport to explore the world, it's their own loss when they never bump into someone telling them what's happening.

	on complete
		payment 750000
		dialog phrase "generic fleet bounty hunting payment dialog"

mission "Hunted Warning"
	invisible
	source
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes "rim" "south" "north" "dirt belt" "core" "frontier"
	to offer
		"combat rating" > 8103
		or
			not "chosen sides"
			has "main plot completed"
	on offer

> 		log `Got noticed at a spaceport bar as a "famous warrior." Was warned to watch for pirates looking to make a name for themselves or bounty hunters looking to claim a bounty.`

Author: What do bounty hunters hunt? Bounties. Doesn't seem odd to me for the word "bounty" to be used multiple times. If we were talking about a deer hunter hunting deer, we wouldn't look for different words for deer just for the same of reducing repetition.

> 		log `Got noticed at a spaceport bar as a "famous warrior." Was warned to watch for pirates looking to make a name for themselves or bounty hunters looking to claim a bounty.`

Reviewer 3: Fair point. I guess in my mind avoiding the double usage overrides that it isn't really strange considering the circumstances,  which makes sense since I'm sort of a stickler for those types specific writing rules of thumb.

> 		log `Got noticed at a spaceport bar as a "famous warrior." Was warned to watch for pirates looking to make a name for themselves or bounty hunters looking to claim a bounty.`

Reviewer 4: Proposed alternative to that:

```suggestion
		log `Got noticed at a spaceport bar as a "famous warrior." Was warned to look out for bounty hunters or pirates hoping to make a name for themselves.`
```

		conversation
			`You walk into a bar in the spaceport looking for something to eat when a man sitting at a table in the corner looks up and takes notice of you. "It's Captain <last>, the famous warrior! Barkeep, give <first> a drink on my tab."`
			choice
				`	"Glad to get some recognition. I work hard out here."`
					goto recognition
				`	"Famous warrior?"`

> 			`	"Of course! Word travels fast in the galaxy, and word on the hyperspace lanes is that you're quite the fighter."`

Author: The repetition of "word" here is entirely on purpose. This phrase is a play on "word on the street."

> 			`	"Of course! Word travels fast in the galaxy, and word on the hyperspace lanes is that you're quite the fighter."`

Reviewer 4: Proposed alternative:

```suggestion
			`	"Of course! Word travels fast in the galaxy, and folks out on the hyperspace lanes say that you're quite the fighter."`
```

Author: As mentioned elsewhere, this is an intentional play on "word on the street."

			
			branch recognition
				"reputation: Republic" >= 0
				"reputation: Free Worlds" >= 0
				"reputation: Syndicate" >= 0
			

> 			`	"It doesn't help that you've pissed off the law, either," someone says, not sounding too happy.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"It doesn't help that you've pissed off the law, either," someone behind you says, not sounding too happy.`
```

			label recognition

> 			`	More of the patrons of the bar begin to notice that you've entered and begin chattering amongst themselves. "Quite the force to be reckoned with, I've heard," you overhear one of them mumble.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	More patrons take notice of the conversation and begin chattering amongst themselves. "Quite the force to be reckoned with, I've heard," you overhear one of them mumble.`
```

> 			`	"You might want to watch your back," another says to you. "Plenty of pirates looking to make a name for themselves taking out such a famous captain, and plenty of bounty hunters out for a bounty you might have on your head without even knowing about it."`

Reviewer 4: Proposed alternative: 

```suggestion
			`	"You might want to watch your back," another says to you. "Plenty of pirates with more brains than sense might be looking to make a name for themselves by taking out such a famous captain. A person like you has to have some enemies, and you never know who might have put a price on your head. A bounty hunter could retire early on the fat purse they'd get from spacing you."`
```

Or you know, something like that.

			choice
				`	"I'll be fine. My ship is strong enough to stand against anything."`
				`	"Maybe I should go into hiding for a while."`
					goto hide

> 			`	"Oh, I'm sure it is. You wouldn't have gotten this notorious if you weren't able to hold your all."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh, I'm sure it is. You wouldn't have gotten this notorious without being able to hold your own."`
```

				goto end
			label hide

> 			`	"You'd need to hide for more than just a while, but laying low in a small ship might help to stay off the radar of any bounty hunters."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"You'd need to hide for more than just a while, but laying low in a small ship might help to stay off the radar of pirates and bounty hunters."`
```

			label end
			`	After a few more minutes of mumbling, the bar returns to like it was before you entered. The food you ordered arrives and you dig in.`
				decline

> mission "Hunted"

Reviewer 3: Play tested, but was unable to get it to trigger with roughly 50-100 tries. This is probably bad luck more than anything, so if you've tested and get it to spawn then it's good. Thought at least mentioning it wouldn't hurt; feel free to resolve if you're sure it's working correctly.

Author: Well 50 attempts is still about a 21% chance of not getting it, and 100 attempts is about of a 5% chance of not getting it. Not too unreasonable to try that many times and still get nothing.

			choice
				`	"I'll be fine. My ship is strong enough to stand against anything."`
				`	"Maybe I should go into hiding for a while."`
					goto hide
			`	"Oh, I'm sure it is. You wouldn't have gotten this notorious without being able to hold your own."`
				goto end
			label hide
			`	"You'd need to hide for more than just a while, but laying low in a small ship might help to stay off the radar of pirates and bounty hunters."`
			label end
			`	After a few more minutes of mumbling, the bar returns to like it was before you entered. The food you ordered arrives and you dig in.`
				decline

mission "Hunted"
	invisible
	landing
	repeat
	deadline 30
	source
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes "rim" "south" "north" "dirt belt" "core" "frontier"
	to offer
		"combat rating" > 8103
		"armament deterrence" >= 2
		"ship scale" = "ship: Light Warship" / 4 + "ship: Medium Warship" / 2 + "ship: Heavy Warship"
		or
			and
				not "Hunted: active"
				"ship scale" < 8
				random < 2 + "ship scale"
			and
				"ship scale" >= 8

> 				random < 10

Reviewer: Given that the "you're well-armed" branch allows multiple "hunted: active" missions at once, should that fact be used to reduce the offer rate as you obtain more of the mission? 

10% is a pretty high on-landing spawn rate for a mission that will be sending a number of fleets after the player, which is either 1) going to make a rich player richer, or 2) swamp some pour soul that is working their way up to a larger fleet.

e.g.
```
and
  "ship scale" >= 8 + "Hunted: active"
  random < 10 - "Hunted: active"
```

The deadline does limit the number of these that will be active, so an unlucky player might have at most 5-6 active at once, so perhaps this isn't a practical concern.

Author: I think the offer rate is fine, but I do like the idea of adding the number of active missions to the ship scale so that you need bigger increasingly bigger fleets in order to have an increasing number of mission active at once.
